Add reference to rpm packages (#8)
posit-dev/positron-website: index.qmd

Install Positron from our [Releases](https://github.com/posit-dev/positron/releases) page on GitHub.

> Currently, Positron is producing pre-release builds from a continuous integration (CI) system for macOS, Windows, and Linux. These pre-release builds are tagged with a version number on our Github repository. Select the build you want to download, then click on **Assets** and download the `.dmg` (for Mac), `.exe` (for Windows), `.deb` (for Ubuntu/Debian), or `.rpm` (for Redhat) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Positron is producing pre-release builds from a continuous integration (CI) system for macOS, Windows, and Linux. These pre-release builds are tagged with a version number on our Github repository. Select the build you want to download, then click on **Assets** and download the `.dmg` (for Mac), `.exe` (for Windows), `.deb` (for Ubuntu/Debian), or `.rpm` (for Red Hat) file.
```
